fix: make imitating customer warnings more logic (#6824) (#6825)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-02-15-prevent-imitating-when-not-possible.md

---
title: Prevent imitating as customer when not possible
issue: NEXT-40673
author: Melvin Achterhuis
author_email: melvin@achterhuis.work
author_github: @MelvinAchterhuis
---
# Administration

> * Added customer active check in `computed` for `src/Administration/Resources/app/administration/src/module/sw-customer/component/sw-customer-card/index.js`.
> * Added new `computed` called `customerImitationWarning` to determine the warning message in `src/Administration/Resources/app/administration/src/module/sw-customer/component/sw-customer-card/index.js`.
> * Changed logic in for tooltip message and disabled in `src/Administration/Resources/app/administration/src/module/sw-customer/component/sw-customer-card/sw-customer-card.html.twig`.
> * Added separate snippets for each scenario in for `module/sw-customer`.

Reviewer: There's no need to mention snippet changes, or to go into detail. A one-liner like this will be enough:
```suggestion
* Changed `src/module/sw-customer/component/sw-customer-card` to show detailed hints on disabled imitate customer button.
```
